Fix/patch serde json to enable byte arrays values (#5053)
holochain/holochain: crates/holochain/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

> - Patch `serde_json` to enable byte arrays to be returned as string values.

Reviewer: Same question here as in the comment in Cargo.toml, is this not more accurate?
```suggestion
- Patch `serde_json` to enable byte arrays to be converted to JSON arrays
```
